Hi, people, I received the capes today.
that I bought on the boxed site and
instead without charging the
Thank God, then I'm going to open, do not you see?
in fact, people like that I bought -
now it's your turn right because the first
Once I bought it I bought a lot of
programs 10
This is a plane from china that is really
I bought some people for my iphone
6 plus
Look here and play with it.
see your lawyer
There's always something cat
Look at people who look beautiful, look at aline.
I also bought a fondle on my ipad
my hair is nothing to ruin my life
I bought in the grass my ipad
Hmm
beautiful people do not work a kitten
also
Look, beautiful people have been trapped since
cute village kitten
look at the details there that love our mei is
this one is my mother do with this
a clear theory that is neither legal nor
Did you know we'll take it on c?
iss is more malleable
this line also said that it was because
This one was beautiful, too.
I found it beautiful and a movie that brand
beautiful people come along and the one I adore
also countered I have a pro west
so look how beautiful so that was what
I wanted it but it 's for you.
thank god it was not charged
show you here never charge
China
I bought - with 3 to 4
there the way now I already know we go
always tell a little bit for not having
problem of picking up and charging
rate is because if it was a normal rate
Needs people but it's absurd right?
for the first time I paid 65 reais only
of rates I'm not mistaken was this
so there is an absurd hotel to
you
she's with the captain for 20 year olds're
this extra fat that bad relationship
nicotine that we look at there beautiful people
arriving to put them looks that beautiful
This dude, we look like pretty sock.
Our too slow to take is always
good because they're so tight right
I thought I loved it
Oh, look how handsome it is, what a beautiful kitten.
oh how difficult it is to draw is that it has
fear even that brian wells
I do not think I want to not only take people away
slowly and finally the most beautiful
I loved
Hey, what are you doing? What are you doing?
ayaaz here because it's what I liked the most
of the betinho the very beautiful pebbles
very delicate
so many people think it was right to give
You see the same things that I
I bought this time and it was not taxed.
no they did not catch me
I bought a little because then it comes
in a box the box as well
tiny
I think so, right when we go
shopping
so on the international china sites
even we always buy a little
the number of people who will see in
small boxes or also in a
they do not charge a fee that usually
choose any doubt anything
You ask me to come back.
answering for you is and until the
next video
kisses